# Test Strategy-P1 - 404: Project Not Found

## How to Report Bugs
 - Mark where the bug is occurring with an in-line comment.
    - Example: # <- Bug 3598
 - Put information about the bug into the spreadsheet that I created.
    - Reference number (Auto-generated by system)
    - Where is the bug occurring? (File path + line number)
    - What is the actual bug?
    - Severity/How Critical (Does it crash the entire program upon occurrence?)
        - Not Bad - Not Critical, more Quality of Life oriented
        - Look Soon - Critical, but does not impede standard operating procedures
        - Fix Now - Highly Critical, impedes standard operating procedures
## Workflow to Fix Bugs
 - Bugs should be fixed from highest to lowest critical level.
    - A new branch should be created for bug fixing purposes, then merged back into the main branch when the bug is fixed successfully.
 - Checker system for who is working/has worked on/has fixed bugs (initials)
    - When a developer takes on a bug to fix, they mark that they are working on the bug in the system. If multiple developers are brought on to work on a bug, they should all be marked in the database.
 - Send the fixed code back to the tester to double check it has been fixed
    - Person who is reviewing should test it themselves as well to make it sure it is actually fixed

## How to Create API Endpoints
 - Example GET URI : https://webname/api/client/7
 - Example POST URI : http://webname/api/client/
 - Anything that is a special function can get its own verb to use P0 as an example we would write transfer as : http://webname/api/acccount/transfer
## Best Practices
 - Constantly make sure to constantly PULL from GitHub to make sure code is constantly up to date
 - Make sure to not merge into the main/dev branch if your code is incomplete or full of bugs.
    - Use the 3 approach if you are having problems
 - Approach other teammates if you need help or are struggling
    - A different set of eyes will tend to see the flaws more quickly
 - Use new branches every time so that there is you can step back in case of sudden critical errors occur
    - Use the naming convention (initials-subject) for easier to understand for everyone else.
 - If your content is finished and either its too late to start something new try to help others
## Naming Convention
 - To make sure not to confuse the other people writing code there should be some naming conventions. The following will be used for package
    - Data access layer = dal
    - Service layer = service
    - API layer = api
    - Custom Exception = custom_exception
    - Utility = util
    - Entities = entities
    - Tests = tests
        - Inner folder example: employee_dal_test
 - For the naming of files the naming convention will end up being the subject followed by what part is being worked on followed by the type for example: employee_service_interface, employee_dao_implementation
 - Obviously follow the naming convention of the language that is being used of course. IE: JSON camelCase and python snake_case
